Documentation and final fixes (#23)
UnitTestBot/kosat: docs/docs.md

            return Unsatisfiable
        }

>         analyze(conflictClause) // analyze conflict to produce new clause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        val lemma = analyze(conflictClause) // analyze conflict and learn a new clause
```
